#! /usr/bin/env tclshcpp
# $Id: setup_packages 741 2016-03-12 23:49:03Z mueller $
#
pkg_mkIndex -verbose ../lib \
            librlinktpp.so \
            librusbtpp.so \
            librutiltpp.so \
            librwxxtpp.so
#
pkg_mkIndex -verbose rutil    *.tcl
pkg_mkIndex -verbose rlink    *.tcl
pkg_mkIndex -verbose rbtest   *.tcl
pkg_mkIndex -verbose rbmoni   *.tcl
pkg_mkIndex -verbose rbbram   *.tcl
pkg_mkIndex -verbose rbs3hio  *.tcl
pkg_mkIndex -verbose rbemon   *.tcl
pkg_mkIndex -verbose rbsysmon *.tcl
#
pkg_mkIndex -verbose rw11     *.tcl
pkg_mkIndex -verbose rw11util *.tcl
#
pkg_mkIndex -verbose ibd_dl11  *.tcl
pkg_mkIndex -verbose ibd_ibmon *.tcl
pkg_mkIndex -verbose ibd_lp11  *.tcl
pkg_mkIndex -verbose ibd_pc11  *.tcl
pkg_mkIndex -verbose ibd_rhrp  *.tcl
pkg_mkIndex -verbose ibd_rk11  *.tcl
pkg_mkIndex -verbose ibd_rl11  *.tcl
pkg_mkIndex -verbose ibd_tm11  *.tcl
#
pkg_mkIndex -verbose tst_rlink    *.tcl
